[Sarah Chen]: Good morning, everyone. Let's get started with our Daily Scrum for June 13th. We'll go through our progress updates, discuss any blockers, and align on today's priorities. Remember to keep your updates concise. Let's begin with the User Authentication and Profile Management module. Emily, can you start us off with the frontend progress?

[Emily Watson]: Sure, Sarah. I've made significant progress on the frontend forms for user authentication and profile management. The login and registration forms are about 80% complete. I've implemented form validation and error handling. The profile editing interface is also coming along nicely. I'm currently working on making these components responsive across different devices. There are some challenges with the layout on smaller screens, but I'm confident I can resolve them today.

[Sarah Chen]: Thanks, Emily. That's great progress. Michael, can you update us on the backend work for this module?

[Michael Kim]: Certainly. On the backend, I've completed the user database schema design and implemented the basic authentication logic. The API endpoints for user registration, login, and profile management are about 70% complete. I'm currently working on password hashing and token-based authentication. One concern I have is about the scalability of our current schema design. I think we might need to discuss this further with Alex to ensure it can handle future feature additions smoothly.

[Sarah Chen]: Good point, Michael. Alex, do you have any thoughts on this, and can you give us an overview of any integration challenges you've encountered?

[Alex Rodriguez]: Thanks, Sarah. Regarding the schema design, I agree with Michael's concern. We should schedule a quick session today to review and optimize it. As for integration, I've been working on connecting the frontend and backend components. We're facing some issues with state management on the frontend when handling authentication tokens. Emily and I will need to sync up on this today. On another note, I've started initial planning for the Activity Tracking module architecture. I've drafted a high-level design that I'd like to review with the team later today.

[Sarah Chen]: Excellent, Alex. Let's make sure to schedule that schema review and the Activity Tracking module discussion. Liam, can you update us on the UI/UX designs for the Activity Tracking features?

[Liam Foster]: Of course. I've completed the initial wireframes for the Activity Tracking module. These include layouts for manual data entry, integration with fitness devices, and data visualization components. I'm currently working on the high-fidelity mockups and should have them ready for review by this afternoon. I've been coordinating closely with Emily to ensure our designs align with the frontend implementation capabilities.

[Sarah Chen]: Great work, Liam. Olivia, can you give us an update on the development environment and testing framework?

[Olivia Martinez]: Sure thing. The development environment setup is nearly complete. I've configured our Docker containers and set up the basic CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins. There were some issues with environment variables not being properly passed to the containers, but I resolved that yesterday. I'm now focusing on setting up our automated testing framework. I've integrated Jest for unit testing on both frontend and backend, and I'm in the process of setting up end-to-end testing with Cypress. I should have a basic test suite ready by the end of the day.

[Sarah Chen]: That's fantastic progress, Olivia. Now, let's quickly go through any blockers or challenges. Emily, you mentioned some responsive design issues?

[Emily Watson]: Yes, the main challenge is optimizing the layout of the profile editing interface for mobile devices. The current design doesn't translate well to smaller screens. I'm exploring a collapsible section approach, but I'm concerned it might affect the user experience. I'd appreciate Liam's input on this.

[Liam Foster]: I can definitely help with that, Emily. Let's set aside some time after this meeting to brainstorm solutions that maintain both functionality and user experience on smaller devices.

[Sarah Chen]: Good, please make sure to sync up on that. Any other blockers or challenges?

[Michael Kim]: I have a concern about the database schema for user profiles and activity data. As we start implementing the Activity Tracking module, I want to ensure our schema is flexible enough to accommodate various types of activities and potential future features. I think we need to discuss this as a team to avoid major refactoring down the line.

[Alex Rodriguez]: I agree, Michael. This ties into the schema review I mentioned earlier. We should prioritize this discussion today to unblock further development.

[Sarah Chen]: Absolutely. Let's schedule that review right after this meeting. Any other challenges?

[Olivia Martinez]: Just a minor one. I'm having some trouble configuring the Cypress tests to run in our CI pipeline. It's not blocking progress, but it's taking longer than expected. I might need some input from Alex or Michael if I can't resolve it by this afternoon.

[Sarah Chen]: Thanks for flagging that, Olivia. Alex or Michael, can one of you assist Olivia with this if needed?

[Alex Rodriguez]: Sure, I can help out. Olivia, let's touch base after lunch if you're still facing issues.

[Sarah Chen]: Great, thank you. Now, let's quickly go over today's priorities. It seems we need to focus on:
1. Finalizing the User Authentication module components
2. Continuing work on Activity Tracking module initialization
3. Reviewing and optimizing the database schema
4. Resolving the responsive design challenges for the authentication interfaces

Does everyone agree with these priorities? Any additions?

[Emily Watson]: Those priorities sound good to me. I just want to add that I'll be restocking our kitchen supplies today as well. It's due soon, and I want to make sure I don't forget.

[Sarah Chen]: Thanks for the reminder, Emily. Please make sure that doesn't interfere with your development work. Olivia, I believe you had a task related to our Zoom subscription?

[Olivia Martinez]: Yes, thanks for mentioning that, Sarah. Our Zoom subscription is due for renewal on June 30th. I'll take care of that today to ensure we don't have any interruptions in our video conferencing capabilities.

[Sarah Chen]: Perfect, thank you Olivia. Alright, to summarize: We're making good progress on the User Authentication and Profile Management module. We're initiating work on the Activity Tracking module. We have some challenges to address regarding database schema design and responsive layouts. Today, we'll focus on finalizing authentication components, continuing Activity Tracking planning, reviewing the database schema, and addressing design challenges.

Remember to update your tasks in Jira and reach out if you encounter any blockers. Let's have a productive day, everyone. Meeting adjourned.

FINISHED